Navigation improvements (#33716)
dotnet/docs: docs/navigate/index.md

---
title: Navigate .NET docs
titleSuffix: ""
description: Learn how to navigate the .NET docs
ms.topic: reference
ms.date: 01/25/2023
---

> # Navigate .NET docs

Reviewer: You could link to this page from an entry at the end of each toc.

Author: I'm not crazy about adding our own custom navigation affordances to .NET docs. @dotnet/docs What are your thoughts about this?

Author: Resolving this for now. If you feel strongly about adding the TOC entry, can you open an issue for it?

Reviewer: How will people find this page otherwise?

Author: The idea behind having this page was if someone hacked the URL to just /dotnet/navigate/.

If users don't know to use the L2 header or breadcrumb, then that's a much bigger problem with the Learn platform IA. This page was just intended to provide hints for the URL hack, but I think it's wrong to lean on it as the main navigation learning resource.

> Use of the following mechanisms to find other .NET documentation that you might be interested in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following mechanisms to find other .NET documentation that you might be interested in:
```

- The drop-down menus on the header.

  <!--Add header image here once the new drop-down is added.-->

> - The breadcrumb trail. From any article, click on the ".NET" breadcrumb and then find another area that interests you from the [.NET documentation](../index.yml) page you're taken to.

Reviewer 2: There are section that have move levels in the breadcrumb. Maybe make this recommendation more general:

```suggestion
- The breadcrumb trail. From any article, click on an entry in the breadcrumb trail. The ".NET" breadcrumb navigates to the [.NET documentation](../index.yml) page where you can find another area that interests you. Other entries take you to an overview for the current entry.
```
